Create web3-utils package structure for the 4.x (#4396)
ChainSafe/web3.js: packages/web3-utils/README.md

<p align="center">
  <img src="assets/logo/web3js.jpg" width="500" alt="web3.js" />
</p>

# web3-utils

![ES Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/ES-2020-yellow)
![Node Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/node-14.x-green)
[![NPM Package][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Dependency Status][deps-image]][deps-url]
[![Dev Dependency Status][deps-dev-image]][deps-dev-url]

This is a sub-package of [web3.js][repo].

> `web3-utils` This contains useful utility functions for Dapp developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`web3-utils` This contains a collection of utility functions used in web3.js.
```

To match what's in `package.json`

###### Get it from the NPM Registry

```bash

> npm install web3-utils

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn add web3-utils
```
